{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Using earthport, TCC \
braintree for payment processing\
\
Speed is important for them\
\
pretended thru Earthport and doing internal reconciliation between the two\
\
not a huge deal to pay Earthport upfront\
\
Speed is more important to them than cost\
\
Pretended Earthport and TCC accounts\
\
In that small size its not too much of a concern \
\
48 hours, tied into Earthport times. Batched twice a day\
\
They guarantee a user a rate\
\
There\'92s an automatic, real-time rate\
\
They promised they would pass along mid market rates\
In exchange they have a fee per transaction. 70 pence per TX\
\
Their margin is 29p/transaction\
\
24/7 relationship, modern tools for diagnosing fault and testing\
\
Rates, time to complete, system robust-ness\
\
They have KYC duties, fallback done by Earthport\
\
Don\'92t really have currency exposure. Minimal exposure that they are prepared to take to get into relationship with end user\
\
started with bank to bank, receiving account can provide the mobile number \
or sending account\
\
mobile wallets- homesend. 1 way transaction, enter\
they get access to FX rate, pre-agree rates with them on per-transfer basis\
results in a charge out of a pre-funded account\
\
Mobile wallets: for them it\'92s just another payout mechanism\
\
Tegalatoo? French companies\
\
Most tend to specialize in corridors\
\
Homesend is stringent in QA and sign-off process. Once you\'92ve done several you just look at what specific things.\
\
They\'92re giving them Reuters mid-market rate and the speed is payment is minutes into a mobile wallet. Fee based on percentage of throughput.\
\
Share technical stuff\
Deck, any other business documentation\
\
\
Faster transfers between UK and Europe, Europe and US. \
\
PHP with homeland mobile wallet\
\
Japan, Australia\
\
Will need to partner with cd ..}